#!/bin/sh
# vim: set ft=sh sw=2 ts=2 expandtab:

mkdir -p "${HOME}/.vim/bundles"
cd "${HOME}/.vim/bundles"

get_bundle() {
  (
  if [ -d "$2" ]; then
    echo "Updating $1's $2"
    cd "$2"
    git pull --rebase
  else
    git clone "git://github.com/$1/$2.git"
  fi
  )
}

get_bundle godlygeek tabular
get_bundle mileszs ack.vim
get_bundle pangloss vim-javascript
get_bundle vim-ruby vim-ruby
get_bundle depuracao vim-rdoc
get_bundle kchmck vim-coffee-script
get_bundle tpope vim-rails
get_bundle tpope vim-rake
get_bundle tpope vim-cucumber
get_bundle tpope vim-bundler
get_bundle tpope vim-haml
get_bundle tpope vim-markdown
get_bundle tpope vim-pathogen
get_bundle tpope vim-abolish
get_bundle tpope vim-endwise
get_bundle tpope vim-git
get_bundle tpope vim-ragtag
get_bundle tpope vim-repeat
get_bundle tpope vim-surround
get_bundle tpope vim-unimpaired
get_bundle tpope vim-fugitive
get_bundle altercation vim-colors-solarized

vim -c 'call pathogen#helptags()|q'
